feat: Create parse-langtags.yml (#40)
sillsdev/SpeechAnalyzer: DevUtils/parse-langtags/README.md

# parse-langtags
Utility to convert [langtags.json](https://github.com/silnrsi/langtags) into a language list for Speech Analyzer.

> Manually trigger the GitHub action [parse-langtags.yml](../../.github/workflows/parse-langtags.yml) to update the iso639.txt file. Changes will be commited on a new branch `chore/update-iso639` which can then be used to create a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manually trigger the GitHub action [parse-langtags.yml](../../.github/workflows/parse-langtags.yml) to update the iso639.txt file. Changes will be committed on a new branch `auto/update-iso639` which can then be used to create a PR.
```
